I have to say this is one of my
favorites simply a powerful effects I've
ever put together thanks to John Bannon
in any field magic it has its I've had
great reactions I've performed as a few
times for some people and I get great
reactions with this every time
so what you need to do is a very simple
setup we'll use the King of Spades the
Queen of Hearts the Jack spades ten of
Hearts nine of spades eight of Hearts
seven spades six of Hearts five of
spades four hearts three of us and then
these of spades so it's just a setup so
we can remember that the hearts are even
and the spades are odds and they just
alternate red and black just to hide the
setup in the deck a little better rather
than using all the same suits which
looks quite obvious anyways what we're
going to do now is sorry we're going to
leave the setup face up like that and
then you're going to add 20 random cards
on top of the ace so any 20 random cards
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 okay and then the remaining
cards just placed underneath or on top
of the facedown deck just like that and
that is your setup and you're ready to
go now you can use whatever false
shuffle you like and once you've done
that you can show the spectator that the
cards are just mixed you know given a
very fair mix you can show the bottom
portion no problem you're going to of
course want to skip through the obvious
sequence of cards very quickly but they
won't really notice because they're
alternating red and black and you can
just kind of skim through those and then
you can slow down and show the remaining
mix of cards and I'm sure you'll agree
that the spectator should see it's a
very fair mix now once you've done that
you have a spectator cut about a quarter
of the cards and you stress a quarter of
the cards well you don't have to make a
big issue of it but you know just say
could you cut it about a quarter of the
deck just a small packet and they won't
cut into the setup which is what you
don't want to happen and they won't that
there's no way they're going to cut past
19 cards so you have them cut about a
quarter of the deck and have the mix the
packet and then to secretly peek at the
top card and to remember their cards so
they're going to remember the eight of
Spades in this case
then you have them cut about
three-quarters or half of the remaining
cards on the table to bury their
selected card and they can further cut
the cards as many times as they like and
once they're satisfied just complete the
cut just like that once they're
satisfied you can pick up the cards and
just remind them that there's no
possible way you could know where their
card is and they'll readily agree and
you can then play like you're going to
see if you can sense where their card is
now what you're going to do is you're
not going to show the cards because
they'll see this this sequence of cards
so you don't want to show them but just
keep the cards facing you and just play
like you're you're sensing whereabouts
their card might be but what you're
really doing is you're looking for the
ace of spades and you're simply going to
cut out the ace of spades and bring it
to the bottom of the packet with all the
cards on above it to the bottom of the
packet okay now in some rare cases you
might not have the ace of spades and you
might have the sequence left starting
with the three of spades for instance
you then just want to cut to the three
of spades and bring the three of spades
and all the cards above it to the bottom
of the packet okay that's all you need
to do and then once you've done that you
just place the packet on top of the
remaining cards on the table and you can
have the spectator then cut the cards
furthermore and then just say okay I'd
like you to randomize it a little more
and we'll do it face up this time so you
have them cup of cards face-up and what
you're doing while they're cutting the
cards face-up is you're looking for them
to cut to either an odds Spade or an
even heart okay so here we get to an
even heart and you can just tell them
okay well that's good enough let's turn
the deck face down now you're
remembering the Queen of Hearts now you
don't know what their card is at this
point but you do know that the key card
the Queen of Hearts are an even heart
this is going to give away exactly where
their card is in the deck and to figure
this out it's very easy you just simply
add 22 whatever the value of the key
card this even Queen of Hearts in this
case so 20 plus 12 would give you of
course 32 so you'll know then you can
play it out however you want that you
sense that their card is in the
thirty-second because
in the deck so let's count the cards and
I'll just show you one two three four
five six
you can even count the cards face up to
show the randomness of the guards so
seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
31 and I believe it was the eight of
Spades that we looked at and there it is
the thirty second card so that's how
that trick works very simple to do very
powerful this will this will I'm
guaranteeing you you'll get a great
reaction from it yeah I think that's it
I was just trying to think what else
that I might have missed oh well I'll
leave a annotation or something if I if
I think of it anyways thank you for
watching hope you enjoyed that well
catch you again later